And maybe my experiences often to
hurdles, aren't the ideas, but the
people involved in the process.
And I don't even mean
assholes are tyrants.
Often it's well-meaning people,
but they may be less successful
in communicating or anxious about
hitting their personal goals.
A good example is also
that recent AI project.
Our two main stakeholders were
surprisingly aligned on both
goal and approach, but the
communication was lacking.
One spoken technology with other
ones spoken business problems.
So the business guy, but the tech
guy was being short-sighted by only
talking about granular tech solutions.
Not realizing that some of the pieces
were foundational to even his solutions
or that things need to be coded in
a particular order to unlock things.
Even worse.
Both of them were far too busy
being leaders of the company
to even meet up to talk.
So as a result, the PMN and I acted as an
intermediary to document their needs in
a face sets of user stories and features.
The phases showed the business
guy Would eventually get his
MVP within a given timeframe.
While the feature documentation helped
the tech guy stay focused and the
shortest specs were accounted for.
We say pretty agile and pretty, fluid
as we met with people and kept them
updating either together or separately.
But that eventually got over
the hump and got, code shipped.